Trench Wars
http://subspace.warstrike.com/trench


Map Currently Running:
Trench II
Settings Currently Running:
Classic Trench Wars

Hosted by: SSX
-------------------------
Map made by SilentDragon 
Settings By Dgus

-= Permit.txt currently shut down. enter freely! =-
-= there seems to be a few ppl that dislike the settings... i will change them only if more then 2 ppl hate a part of them =-
-= Lancaster needs a new theme... its a *lame* ship..any ideas? =-

Administration:

Sysop: SilentDragon
Smods: ---
Mods: RuneCaster
      Mine GO BOOM


Warbird: 	Fast flying and capable of shooting one bullet every few seconds. Anything the bullet hits dies.

Jav:		Granader has 12 Shrapnel and fires a deadly bomb... not fast... but effective

Spider: 	Maneuverable and capable of shooting a weak bullet stream (no cloaking ability).

Levi: 		Levi's fly REALLY slowly but deliver a very deadly punch. When the 
		blue bombs they fire explode it will annihilate anything within a large radius.
		(They also are the only ship that can't immediately warp when they come on. Kill 5 enemy ships with one and then you can warp).

Terrier: 	The anchor ship. Terriers fly fast, and are one of the most important ships in the
		game. Why? Because they are the only ship you can warp to. 
		Your team always needs a Terrier up near the action so that dead teammates can warp right
		back into the fray.

Weasel: 	Only ship capable of cloaking. Fires one slow bullet at a time so you have to get right up to an opponent to kill them.

Lancaster: 	Fast moving with a weak mutlifire type bullet punch. Can cover a wide are with it.

Shark: 	No firing ability AT ALL but a very useful ship. The Shark can lay 4 mines (you only get 4 mines per team) which will kill 		anything running into them
		(just about). It is also the only ship with repels and therefore has to get in front of an attack to clear the way of mines.


do NOT ask to be a mod... i have a list of ppl that i will choose from-thank you
just email me your comments at silentdragon@warstrike.com
or ICQ 
UIN:540827




